take me to that happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it
so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is
that [__] called Destiny I think she
ran on without me
now
today it is my distinct underworld
privilege to bring to you
lamia
to bring to you Jesus the cross-dressing
vampire who sucks the blood of boys
[Music]
foreign
so here we go with the imagery I won't
waste your time we're going to turn
tonight right to the beginning of the
Apocalypse
and we're going to look at a little bit
of Greek we're going to translate a
little bit just run along fluidly
because I need to run you too
the image here we are being faithful to
the image
of the son of man
we must maintain the Integrity of that
image let me show you that image
foreign
in the middle
of these lamp stands
is the image of someone like the son of
man
dressed all the way to his feet
and
and zoned on up
king shirt on up joined on up
on his master on his breath
around his breasts
he is girding the King James will
translate GERD
yeah gird up your breasts ladies
um we're using support material
remember I'm transporting you to a place
where the goddess
is is the model is the original
so don't let it surprise you that Jesus
is cross-dressing
In this passage he's wearing a bra
and it says it's twice my stories we
talked about that previously so I won't
be to beat the point into the ground but
when you check the victorians you get in
your ship and you fly back to the
victorians at Oxford and you say hey
um gentlemen
right what are these mastoise here well
the grammarians from Antiquities say the
victorians they tell us that these are
feminine breasts
that this will have to be mods
have to have the data in there in order
for it to be men
now are there examples where that flip
back and forth sure
and here's the problem this is the big
one that they hold up because the
victorians could not imagine a world
where Jesus would be walking around
with feminine breasts
yes they couldn't imagine the world
where Jesus had breasts
does not say a lot
why can none of us imagine a world where
Jesus has breasts
and is wearing a very nice
a very nice bra
that the text is very specific is
holding up is
it's it's Perry
it's around them it's structure it's
support it's underwire
from antiquity
um
and it's a golden bra it's a golden bra
that's important
fashion is a big thing
right and we know that there are
different colors and materials
associated with these priesthoods
that are involved in the Mysteries
right sometimes they're labeled by their
colors
yeah so they use the gold here is
quite quite important and not only that
it says you know perhaps he's got good
taste
I'll do
his head his hair is three case
they're white they're not blonde
they're white his lady hair is white
do you get the feeling
I know I rocketed us into that text
tonight but do you get the feeling that
something's wrong do you get a little
nausea
a little bit sensation wait a minute
that nausea you're feeling is because
this work is written
by a civil
and restructured
with very obvious little oh and that
person that that was talking about is
Jesus
little inserts
you know they call the early Christian
sybilis for a reason right
sybilis who is the daughter
who is the daughter it's heropoly
that Sybil
who is the daughter of the lamia
the lamia Hang on we're almost there to
her I'm showing you vampire Jesus
who sucks the blood of little boys
vampire Jesus who sucks the blood of
little boys there we go
what's after his white wig
verse 15.
his feet
looks like
halcolibanos is or Lebanon is a is a
word that's just two words slammed
together one of them's bronze
that's where we get the calc root and
the other word is is used for incense
you know the pro the problem is we don't
have a lot of references to these two
words being smashed together
so it really should mean literally
bronze
incense
you mean is his feet his bottom of his
legs are like bronze incense
wow that's kind of strange so
um we've translated this not we but you
know the king
and his men have translated this as
um
bronze
in reflection or bronze in color
right brazen
his bronzed feet
why does Jesus have bronze feet white
wig and lingerie
what happened
because he's got that
phonet that voice
which is the Voice who docked on polon
the voice of many Waters
the voice of many Waters what better
Sybil
as then she Who is the granddaughter of
ocean
the great daughter
of lamia
why would you bring up Lamy here who's
lamia labia is a Libyan Queen
is a Libyan Queen
and lamia
in her
intercourse with Zeus
sacrifices her children
yeah
yeah she has to
to the jealousy
to the jealousy of Hera
you know those children are lost taken
away from her
so imagine lamia
who is the mother
who pulls out her own eyes
yeah and what does she do after that
she prowls the world
looking for young boys
yeah looking for young boys you know me
Cersei you know I showed you
Cersei I showed you and you showed
yourself you revealed yourself
yes
Cersei
drinks the blood
oh
yeah
let's take a look at lamia
shall we let's go to Libya let's get in
our ship and go to Libya and really what
we're doing
for those of you who are asking why are
we on this field trip because here we're
going to take a look away from the
garden where Jesus is arrested with that
naked boy
and we're going to look at the cross
and we're going to say okay this is the
all part of the same crime scene right
so what is he doing there what is he
saying we can get his blood we can get
us you know do all sorts of things but
what do we have record-wise we've got
records of his speech
so what is he saying before he's dying
and maybe we can solve the idea of why
does he die prematurely right people
don't realize everybody in the world
will tell you Jesus Christ was crucified
he died by crucifixion he didn't die by
crucifixion
that's what the Roman guards noticed
Centurion
that dudes already dead he's not
supposed to be dead yet nobody else is
dead it's been hasn't been enough time
yeah they were engineers right they knew
exactly how to engineer the the
um stage of death
and they did and Jesus is there but he
dies early and they're like oh
don't have to bust him up so he can't
breathe hold himself up and breathe
anymore he's already dead he's already
dead what did he say right before he
died
what did he say let's go to Libya to
find out let's go to Libya to find out
because this dude's in deep
um let's go to the first uh passage that
we have tonight this is from Dayo
um dial golden mouth
yep just go ahead and leave that up dial
golden mouth this is late first early
second in that range that's when he's
writing doing his thing
yeah and he tells us about Libya
the general character and appearance
of their body
we're as follows the face was that of a
woman
now he says a brief woman right and that
translation is not is
is no good because this is a woman in
her prime
this is herpes she who's at her Acme
she was at her Acme is how their
appearance is
this is a group of people
in Libya
yeah
the breast
and bosom and the neck too
were extremely beautiful
the life of which no mortal maid or
bride in the bloom of Youth
could claim
isn't that nice nobody can claim this
these people were gorgeous
okay
Norse sculptor nor painter will ever be
able to reproduce
yeah let those of you who have ears to
hear hear
yeah the complexion was of dazzling
brightness now this one this one also
falls a little short I I did the grit to
make sure and um it's a re it's it's a
light emanating from
her skin
the the face as she looks at you
emanates light we've only seen this
um in one other group and that is the
group from Georgia
it turns out that's how you know
a daughter of ETS is that her skin glows
that's why we call her one of the
reasons we call her the granddaughter of
the Sun
She Glows
interesting libyans
beautiful
laughs
the glance of the eyes aroused affection
a yearning in The Souls of all that
beheld
that's interesting
um sort of she's got a Henry Cavill
thing going
yes Chewie don't look like that you know
what I'm talking about the rest of the
body was hard
and protected by scales and all the
lower part was snake
ending in the snake's baleful head
now the story does not say that these
animals were winged like the sphinxes
nor that they liked them spoke or made
any sound whatever except a hissing
noise
that's the hissing of the pipe
it's the same word to express it
right when you're talking to Angels you
don't hear
you don't hear what you think what has
been portrayed to you in the fairy tale
yeah it says in the text that you hear
the sound of an instrument everybody's
like what up
his voice is like a trumpet what help
and they don't understand it because
we've lost the context
scales
and what do they do
what do these lamiah do these lay me
eyes go out
and they hunt
they hunt after young boys
whose blood they suck
and whose flesh they eat
it is all in the blood
and in the body
what do these lay me I look like
what do they look like please
let's go to set our time ship for
Aristophanes Athenian comedian
young guy well you know he's he's
writing he's pretty young when he's when
he's successful highly successful right
and here he is what is he writing he's
he's identifying this is from the frogs
aristophony's play where Dionysus get
that off of there for a minute let me
explain context I'm terribly
they shouldn't have done that
it's the frogs and he's explaining it um
Dionysus and xanthius are going to the
underworld they're making their trip
their catalysis if you if you want to
ah
but they're making their trips the
underworld and then coming back and
they're going to bring back with them
euripides isn't that funny they're going
to bring back within euripides but they
run into on the way
um chorus of initiates
they look for Heracles
Heracles
yes and remember this is the same stage
where we took in Greece where we took
that bakic religious procession and
funneled it into the stage right there
in the stage so that thing could be
performed in front of you
so when aristophany steps up there he's
not stepping up there as a war of
Brothers guy
right he's not working for Disney
he's working for the Muse this is a
sacred Act
this is a sacred act so everything must
be
shot on if we're going to bring back
lamia so that Jesus can sit on the cross
and scream
lay me a sabak's son
the one from
the one from the Sun
from the liminal Earth
the one to bring back from the dead the
great Queen
yeah if we're going to invoke her like
Jesus did on a cross
then we're going to have to understand
who she is we have a very beautiful just
very brief little description in
aristophan these frogs let's bring that
up again
oh isn't this nice
we're defining who she is she is the
impulsa right that's the lamia Thai
isn't that beautiful yeah she
sits there and shines
yeah with fire
shines Bree
by means of a fire
inner completely what shines her entire
face
her look
the way she looks at you her plus Ops
you know what an Ops is that's this only
as I'm looking at you when you look at
me we make eye contact my Ops
is
being received right you're taking in my
Ops well hers is entirely
Shining
it has light
um
and let's go back to the passage what
else what else is better
um can you take that Bob there we go
well look at this
she has the bronze feet too
look at that Dionysus thank you very
much
what are you doing lamia what are you
doing queen of Libya
you do in the mystery
you're doing the mystery
yeah
and there you are of course you're going
to be dressed in here you're going to
have your Moss dice
girded up
you're gonna have them held back
right in place you're ready to go
with your white wig
yeah you gotta have the white wig how do
we know that we've resurrecting euripid
these
and you repeat these
brings us pantheists
with his white wig
and his new vision in order to make it
in order to reach that death and
Resurrection mystery
you have to be wearing your women's kit
remember this is an ancient religion
that is created by women
women who are not sitting at home but
women who were experimenting with
Pharmaceuticals
women who were delivering babies
right women who were stopping other
women from bleeding to death
this is that type of woman
so
when Jesus finds himself on the cross
you and I follow the fairy tale and we
say this is this is a translation of
some Hebrew no it's not
there isn't the Hebrew going around in
the first century
yeah this is a Cristos
that
is a Greek concept
I was telling my class last Saturday of
the superiority
of ancient Greek and why it is that we
have the expression is what's Greek To
Me
right and not why don't we say it about
every other language and why did the
Romans say that about Greek
there's a reason for that there's a
scientific reason for that and it's my
job to push those students into the
place that they can absorb that they can
see the superior functioning of the
language and they can benefit from it
they can how do they do that by the
translation
so when we have a text like the
apocalypse
and John is writing about a very
specific woman called The Morning Star
yeah when he's writing about her
and has to insert Jesus
he just really does so
does it bother him that she is wearing
feminine
garb
now John writes it right he leaves it in
because she's the morning star and we
all know what the Morning Star does we
all know her
yeah we all know her we know she drinks
the blood of young boys
we know that she does
is Jesus in invoking lamia from the
cross
screaming about how thirsty he is
if he invokes the goddess herself of
this history
past
that comes through Libya
and Georgia
which are somehow connected thanks to
the syrians
right love it
right here she is if he is invoking this
right
it would give him a reason to be
arrested in a public park
at 4am with a naked boy
what was that bandage doing
yeah
um
by the way for those of you who want to
make Jesus's bandages underwear because
there's a tendency for translators to do
that
um yeah you know that you're wrong and
you know there's no word there for what
soldiers and Hunters anybody else who's
girding up their loins puts on
kid doesn't have it he's gumnos but he
does have a bandage with him we know
these bandages are impregnated with
drugs and
does he have a bandage because he's
lamely invoking boy blood sucking
vampire God
is with him in the garden
yeah
yeah I think we're getting closer
I think we're getting closer to seeing
in order to see Jesus you have to see
lamia
you have to see lamia there's a reason
that they're described the way the way
they are the language is a is a
fingerprint it preserves the crime scene
preserves the evidence that we need it's
like the amber that preserves that
mosquito
so we have the old DNA
from 40 million years ago
yeah
[Music]
nice
um
for those of you I'm providing thank you
for coming tonight I'm hoping that you
are seeing
that you are seeing that point in
history for what it is we should be able
to see that now in the present should be
able to bring that past and then that
future together
the daughter of lamia is the Civil
heropoly
that's what everything is about that's
why we early Christians call ourselves
sybilis
right that's why we don't care when the
Romans
um call us syphilis
all right John
is preserving those sibling works
you know the sibling visions
beautiful
um next Saturday I'll be having the
class again in the morning that time is
set but I want to announce that tomorrow
um button 9 at 9 00 A.M
Mountain Standard I will be opening the
dojo for people to come in and to work
out because I want this class that's
proceeding to be the best of the best
and so I have to work with them oops I
have to work with them
um to to Really exercise
right to really exercise so I'm
providing that time for you and if you
can come great if you can't fine it'll
be in the dough it'll be on the Discord
and every time that we start this
program again we
repost the Discord so anybody who wants
to show up can do that
um anybody from the class who wants to
come tomorrow at nine o'clock please
show up we'll drill we'll work out we'll
get exercised and um I I appreciate your
I appreciate your diligence
yeah yeah I think we're going to stop
there tonight
and I want you to
thank those of you who will be coming to
our special Valentines
show which would be next
Friday
next Friday when you come to the
Valentine's show please
those of you who come
who have the strength
um to be considered sons of Heracles
yeah
um to put on the ivy
you know to put on the dress
you know to put on the woman's kit
those of you who have that
courage
to stand for
the image that we are bringing
right if we want to I mean come on what
are we all doing here right we're trying
to expose we're trying to bring this
investigation to a conclusion right we
don't want to be here forever none of us
wants to join a cult none of us wants to
become
you know um not in the future for our
associations as a cult
we want to see the reality when we're
bringing that to the world and that's
what we're here that's what we are here
doing those of us who are dressing up
great it should be a lot of fun
it should be a lot of fun and I hope
that everybody is
um comfortable this will all be on above
the board just a group of men
um discussing
themselves and history and wearing the
kit
of Lady Babylon
have a good evening
show me the girl I never met I want it
so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is
that horse called Destiny I think she
ran off without me
[Music]